Hey this is a question for exercise 96 and for this exercise I'd like to create a program that asks
the users to submit text repeatedly which means like this.
So the user enters hey there you and so on and so forth. And the program closes when the user enters
CLOSE with capital letters.
At that point a text file has been created.
This one here, data.txt where you have all the user submitted values one in each line.
Hey there you.
And of course close it's not there because close has to be interpreted as a command to close the file
and to close the program.
And of course if someone executes the script the program again Hi again CLOSE, hi again is inserted in
the text file, in the existing text file.
That's the functionality you need to have for this program.